(DOCS-3244) Improve documentation around trace correlation in Heroku (#13339)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/agent/guide/heroku-ruby.md

Next, enable logs. There are two options on how to send logs from your application to Datadog: setting up a Heroku log drain or using the Datadog Log Agent directly. Each of those have their benefits and limitations, but the good news is that you can set up both!

> The main disadvantage of the log drain is that all logs will arrive to Datadog from the same `ddsource`, usually `heroku`, so automatic parsing of logs using integrations (other than Heroku) won't happen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The main disadvantage of the log drain is that all logs arrive to Datadog from the same `ddsource`, usually `heroku`, so automatic parsing of logs using integrations (other than Heroku) doesn't happen.
```

The main disadvantage of sending logs through the Datadog Agent is that Heroku system logs and router logs won’t be sent (you can send these using the log drain method).

### Generating your Rails logs

> To configure your Rails logs, Datadog recommends using lograge. For this sample application we will set it so that logs and traces are correlated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To configure your Rails logs, Datadog recommends using lograge. For this sample application, set it so that logs and traces are correlated.
```

```shell
# Ensure that you are in the folder with the application code
cd ruby-getting-started
```

Edit your `Gemfile` and add `lograge`:

```ruby
gem 'lograge'
```

Install the gem with `bundle install`:

```shell
bundle install
```

Configure Lograge. Create a new file `config/initializers/lograge.rb` file.

> If you will use the Heroku log drain to send logs to Datadog add the following content to that file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use the Heroku log drain to send logs to Datadog, add the following content to that file:
```

```ruby
Rails.application.configure do
  # Lograge config
  config.lograge.enabled = true

  # This specifies to log in JSON format
  config.lograge.formatter = Lograge::Formatters::Json.new

  ## Disables log coloration
  config.colorize_logging = false

  # Log to STDOUT
  config.lograge.logger = ActiveSupport::Logger.new(STDOUT)

  config.lograge.custom_options = lambda do |event|
    # Retrieves trace information for current thread
    correlation = Datadog.tracer.active_correlation

    {
      # Adds IDs as tags to log output
      :dd => {
        # To preserve precision during JSON serialization, use strings for large numbers
        :trace_id => correlation.trace_id.to_s,
        :span_id => correlation.span_id.to_s,
        :env => correlation.env.to_s,
        :service => correlation.service.to_s,
        :version => correlation.version.to_s
      },
      :ddsource => ["ruby"],
      :params => event.payload[:params].reject { |k| %w(controller action).include? k }
    }
  end
end
```

> If you will use the Datadog agent to send your Ruby application logs, add the following content instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, if you use the Datadog Agent to send your Ruby application logs, add the following content instead:
```

The first method to send logs to Datadog is by setting up a Heroku log drain that routes the same logs received in Heroku to a different platform.

> One of the benefits of setting up the log drain is receiving the Heroku system logs into Datadog, which is not possible directly from the dyno. The main disadvantage is that all logs will come from `ddsource=heroku`, enabling only the Heroku log pipeline in Datadog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One of the benefits of setting up the log drain is receiving the Heroku system logs into Datadog, which is not possible directly from the dyno. The main disadvantage is that all logs come from `ddsource=heroku`, enabling only the Heroku log pipeline in Datadog.
```

#### Correlating logs and traces

> For Ruby logs sent to Datadog from both the Datadog agent or via the Heroku log drain will be correlated to traces when following the configuration on the previous sections. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you follow the configuration instructions above, Ruby logs sent from either the Datadog Agent or the Heroku log drain are correlated to traces. 
```

<div class="alert alert-info">

> NOTE: Heroku router and system logs are generated by Heroku, and correlating them to traces is not possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<strong>Note</strong>: Heroku router and system logs are generated by Heroku, and correlating them to traces is not possible.
```

</div>

> You can check that the configuration was succesful navigating to [logs in Datadog][25], the Rails application logs have their correlated trace:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can check that the configuration was successful by navigating to the [Logs view][25] to see that the Rails application logs have their correlated trace:
```
